add float8 to README (#509)
pytorch/torchtitan: README.md

in the SBATCH command section.

> ## Enable Float8 Training on H100s

Reviewer: Instead of adding a long section, I wonder if it make sense to:
1. add a dedicated float8_training.md in `docs/`
2. add a fp8 training hyperlink in `key features avaible` to point to the md file inside `docs`

Author: sure. will move it to `docs/`

> Install latest [TorchAO](https://github.com/pytorch/ao/tree/main/torchao/float8) so we can import float8 dtype

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please install latest [TorchAO](https://github.com/pytorch/ao/tree/main/torchao/float8) to support float8 dtype
```

```
USE_CPP=0 python -m pip install git+https://github.com/pytorch/ao.git
```

> Launch training job with following command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Launch training job with the following command (or alternatively set configs in toml files)
```

```
CONFIG_FILE="./train_configs/llama3_8b.toml" ./run_llama_train.sh --float8.enable_float8_linear --float8.enable_fsdp_float8_all_gather --float8.precompute_float8_dynamic_scale_for_fsdp
```
* `--float8.enable_float8_linear`: swap `nn.Linear` with `Float8Linear` to perform float8 matmul.

> * `--float8.enable_fsdp_float8_all_gather`: cast `Float8Linear.weight` from high precision to float8 before FSDP all-gather so we can communicate in float8 to save bandwidth.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `--float8.enable_fsdp_float8_all_gather` (optional): cast `Float8Linear.weight` from high precision to float8 before FSDP all-gather so we can communicate in float8 to save bandwidth.
```

> * `--float8.precompute_float8_dynamic_scale_for_fsdp` [optional]: communicate AMAX/scales efficiently in a single all-reduce for all parameters instead of doing many small all-reduce for each parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `--float8.precompute_float8_dynamic_scale_for_fsdp` (optional): communicate AMAX/scales efficiently in a single all-reduce for all parameters instead of doing many small all-reduce for each parameter.
```

> For scaling strategy, we are supporting tensor-wise scaling with dynamic scales. We are actively working on tensor-wise saling with delayed scales. We are also exploring row-wise sclaing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For scaling strategy, we currently support tensor-wise scaling with dynamic scales, and are actively working on tensor-wise scaling with delayed scales. Row-wise scaling is under exploration.
```

> For parallelsims, we are supporting FSDP float8 all-gather. We are actively working on float8 all-gather in TP.

Reviewer: I thought fp8 allgather in TP already enabled? What are the gaps currently?

Author: Yes, TP float8 all-gather is enabled in H1. Last week we had async TP + float8 all-gather working so we are refreshing 2D results. I want to announce TP availablility in the next dev-discuss post. What do you think?

Author: I corrected my word and now we say float8 + TP are supported

Reviewer: My thoughts on this: 

I think TP + fp8 itself can be a separate post yes!

I think specifically async overlap when applying TP + fp8 can be a section on that post. Basically we still need some data points show to the user that whether turning on async overlap when using fp8 allgather in TP is beneficial, given that fp8 TP allgather already halve the allgather latency, the performance improvement of async overlap during real training might not be significant compare to bf16

Author: True. Yifu benchmarked async TP + fp8 and the speed up is less significant than async TP brings to bf16, but there is some speed up. Will share updated 2D results soon

> For parallelsims, we are supporting FSDP float8 all-gather. We are actively working on float8 all-gather in TP.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For parallelisms, we support optional float8 all-gather for FSDP. We are actively working on float8 all-gather in TP.
```

Reviewer 2: switch the order of all-gather section and scaling section, to be consistent with configs introduction.
